Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to display the hardest products.
Or try not to do this.
We have to go to the second container, and within the container we can then have a child.
And in order to display cards item we are going to be using this we should send before it is known as
consumer.
Okay.
And as you know, the consumer has a property known as builder and it's going to take in the contest
and value.
And child.
Okay.
And over here we have to specify the data.
We want to assess it is the cards provider data and is it of value?
What we can then do is we can call this card provider.
Remember, you can see this card provider as a variable which stores the cards provider class.
Okay.
And over here we can then return a list view.
This year.
You can build it.
You can basically just copy those code we have in the car screen list.
View the builder.
And it's going to take the contest and the intense.
Great.
And as you know, the lowest bidder bidder has a property known as item counts.
And this is going to be provider.
Then that counts.
Okay.
And over here we have the return.
And for now we can return maybe a container.
A container widget and we can just give this container maybe a height.
Of Android.
Highlights of Android.
Okay.
And we can give this.
Sorry.
I think we know where.
And we can give this a better.
So the correction and box.
Box decoration.
Okay.
We can give this a border.
Maybe border.
All for all sides.
What are all.
And we can give this maybe weights of maybe zero.
That for that is our stock is going to be okay.
And we can just use concur and say first and how your transformer.
Your trading career and.
Go check this out.
Okay.
You can see currently we have just one item added to our cards and that's why we are saying just this,
to make this more visible.
What we can do is maybe we could give this a caller or.
Okay, sorry.
We could say maybe color.
Call us that, Grey.
Or Green.
So you're able to say this and you can give this a better.
Water radios and water radios.
But I reject whatever it is.
Okay.
Whatever ideas.
But are we just that secular or maybe 15?
Okay.
Use control and save.
And how you come by.
You know, that's from others.
And we could also had away.
And where.
Okay.
And go check this out.
Look in red.
Get rid of this and hopefully you can say this now or what we can just do.
Okay.
We can hide on that product first, but before then we can wrap this container with a and to give each
container or two to give each card item in space, we can wrap this part in maybe ten.
You can see currently we have one item that.
See our card.
Okay.
I think the product should be okay.
And we can add more item to our cart.
Christopher.
Let's just wait for this.
Sorry for the delay.
Go back and you can see we have one item and that's why one is displaying based on this card provider
that counts.
Okay.
We could have this.
Of.
We could had.
That's okay.
And Todd.
And check out.
Okay.
Sims could.
Right.
Okay.
And once we can then sweeten the box decoration.
So within the container, we can then have a child and the child is going to be a row.
A Rover jet and we can look children and the first child is going to be a size box because basically
we want to display.
So you just bring this to the next nine first and size box.
Says Box.
We can give this size box a height of we read.
Hundred and maybe weeks of maybe 100 and then chide.
Okay.
There's going to be a major network.
Immediate network, and this is going to be cut per rider.
Care provider and.
DOD so it cut provider did get items and we want to assess each by your index and this is going to be
does.
The words images URL and we just want to assess the the first by saying zero.
Okay.
And I think we are missing one.
That's just over in this to see what we're missing.
Okay.
Is control necessary?
And we check this out.
Okay.
Okay, Cisco.
SIM cool, right?
Okay.
And now we can look down the road.
We can have.
It has.
Which is going to be cut provider.
Card provider.
Cut provider.
To get items we want to assess each body are index and this is going to be your name.
Okay.
The name and this.
And use control and save.
You should see it over here.
Okay.
I think we're just going to stop in this stop this video over here.
Then the next lecture, we are going to continue.